tobacco poison
Pardon me?
Can you say that again?
That batch of tobacco poison has been seized
The city lord already knows the current situation
It's done here
How is that possible?
No, no.
How did Cheng Zhufu know about this?
It's you. You told the permanent residence, right?
Manager bitch
Hmm, it seems that you are not capable
When encountering things, I will only find women to get angry again
It's you messing with me again
The commander-in-chief doesn't look like he wants at all
It's you who pretended to be the commander's order
Do you think the commander-in-chief
Will go along with people like you
If I don't say so
How could you fall out of your big fish?
That 100,000 ocean
Just to show up the seller behind you
Now it seems
The effect is not bad
You follow me
Just to find the seller behind me
I seek death
It seems that your Gu family is completely finished this time
Jingyun, I killed you